1) Insert a Bootable Flash Drive.

2) When the system is starting Press F9 to choose the booting device.

3) Use the arrow keys tro choose SMI USBDISK 1000

4)Ubuntu Installation begins.

5) Choose "Install Ubuntu"  in the first displayed Menu.

6) Choose your preferred language (By default it is English-US).

7) Next step, Options displayed will be

    a) Normal-Installation
    
    b) Minimal installation
    
    c) Download updates while installating Ubuntu (This is selected by default)
    
    d) Install third-party software for graphics
    
  Choose the first option.
  
 8) In the next screen choose option 
         
         
     a) Erase disk and install Ubuntu 
     
      This will install Ubuntu by erasing the whole data on your drive , without a partition.
      
     b) Install Ubuntu alongside Windows Boot Manager , to install dual boot (Was not possible , this was not seen in my machine)
     
     c) Something Else -> to install ubuntu with partitions. First partition is the primary partition which is a root node . Mount 
        option is '/'. This partition size can be 32 GB or more. The second partition is considered as swap area, this can be around 8 GB . 
        This space can be utilised later. The rest of the space can be alloted to your last partition . This space will be utilised by your
        login.
        
 9) Choose timezone as Kolkata.
 
 10) In the next screen Enter your name , computer's name , username, password.
 
 11) Installation of UBuntu Begins.
 
 12) Chosse restart now , the system will restart.
 
 13) Ubuntu is installed now. Next steps we will see how to install different packages.
 
 14) Python3 should be installed by default , If it is not installed  use
 
         open terminal CTRL+ALT+T
        
          sudo apt-get update
          
          sudo apt-get install python3.6
          
 15) For installing Pip using Python3 enter 
 
          sudo apt install python3-pip.
          
          
 16)For installing git
 
         sudo apt install git
         
         
 17)Install gparted to split and create partitions.
 
        sudo apt install gparted
        
 18) Install tensor flow using
 
        pip3 install tensorflow
        
 19) Install calamari ocr using 
 
       pip3install calamari_ocr
       
     
  Watch this video for more doubts.   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5QyjHIYwTQ
